let's go to our correspondent hin kadari
she joins us now live from De Al Bala
that's Central Gaza hin good to see you
so death and destruction across the
strip let's start with what's happening
in Rafa we've seen a real uptick in
attacks there bring us up to
speed Meen there is a land air sea
attack on RAF right now where there has
been a a dozens of houses being
demolished by the Israeli forces there
were also a couple of Warships shooting
uh Palestinians across the coastline uh
not only that Rafa is being targeted but
also there is zero hospitals in Rafa
there is no medical treatment and all of
the Palestinians that are being injured
or killed do not have any medical teams
to rescue them there has been reports
from journalists healthcare workers and
paramedics that they could not reach an
area where about areas like Ali Al sulan
and those areas in the center of RAF
there has been a lot of demolishing of
houses it's being uninhabitable for
Palestinians and not Palestinians that
are internally displaced they have no
place to go to just like what happened
in kenun and all of the people who are
injured and the paramedics could reach
are going to the European Hospital in
kenun because there has been no no
hospitals in Rafa they all went out of
service since uh the Rafa Invasion
started in uh a month ago and hind
exactly what you were describing I mean
people have been leaving Rafa to escape
the fighting have been moving back North
back to Central Gaza including Gaza City
but the attacks there also continue
what's been happening
there well overnight there were at least
three houses that were Target tared in
uh the Gaza City and where at least 50
Palestinians are in critical injuries in
alah hospital in the Gaza City all of
these Palestinians are in risk of death
due uh to the lack of medical supplies
and due to the medical H uh facilities
and not only that there has been also a
Target uh more artillery shelling uh
from kanun in the Eastern parts of kenun
and this is pushing people more uh to
get internally displaced they're also
being pushed more uh to uh the central
part of the Gaza Strip where the Israeli
forces has also been targeting the
central uh Gaza Strip so Palestinians
are left helpless uh hopeless and it's
also worth mentioning that tomorrow is
and Palestinians are supposed to be uh
celebrating this Eid Palestinians are
supposed to be bringing sweets bringing
new clothes instead Palestinians are
being targeted and everyone is sad
everyone feels frustrated that this is
the second Eid during the war and
especially the Palestinian children uh
they are supposed to have happy fun days
during theid but frustration and despair
is filling the air across the Gaza Strip
okay thank you for that hit kadari there
for us in der Bala in central